# Catalyst Improvement Task Force Fund 10â€“1st Meeting

###### tags: `Meeting`
---
:::info
- **Location:** [Catalyst United Server Hub Chat](https://discord.com/channels/946921942143885342/946921942525571133)
- **Date:** Tuesday, Oct 4th. 
- **Agenda**
1. No official agenda established beforehand -- General organizing call to establish next steps
2. Modified TODO list into a strategy doc. [Current version](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1H9hFwTM4AmErYa7bWyJlLGO2dnuZJ8H1KEk6KTBqaD0/edit)
- **Participants:**
    - CaptainDang
    - CptMinority
    - Jeffrey Mashaw
    - JeremyB
    - Ratio13
    - Vgr
    - VladimirP
    - whitevo
    - Flog
    - SimonS
- **Contact:** JeremyB#9734 on discord
- **Facilitator:** SimonS

:::

## Notes
Simon:  set the agenda for the meeting...should be assigning tasks 

Ratio13:  introduces John Ws changes in his absence

Simon: Examples of bad acting/problems are Daedelus Turbo and ...


Jeff: lack of interaction with proposals early

Flog: need concrete guidelines for proposal flagging...build out vPA stage further, may include rationales

Quasar: There is no feedback stage

Ratio13:  Is this all Catalyst problems, or are we limiting scope?

Simon:  We are sensing problems, we may conclude that some problems are not addressable

Ratio13: Treasury is treated as a faucet for voting power.

Flog: comparison, corporate voting power based on owned stock vs one person one vote

Simon:  TODO list can be used to set the agenda.  Can we get suggestions for how to approach the work?

Michael:  Can we focus on the already sensed issues?  Can we establish a moderator/facilitator for the purposes of the meeting?

Ratio13: *shares the TODO list*

Simon/Michael:  lets individually assess TODO list, and then make space to consider priorities.

Jeff:  Should we table items that require IOG input?

Several commenters:  IOG is really needed for everything, lets prioritize first, then figure out what can't be worked on or pushed forward.

**5 minutes for individual assessent of the TODO list**

Simon:  Looking though list we have both small changes and huge changes.

Simon: should we assign teams to move these tasks to dework?

Ratio13: here is the community suggestions in dework and how we could use it as a kanban to organize tasks https://app.dework.xyz/catalyst-circle-ca-r/suggestions

flog: is there still a tutorial available for dework?

Ratio13: due to dework updates can be challenging to create up to date tutorials, but there are channels in the CU server for learning and practicing dework.

Simon:  old model, some teams working in different areas...should we each tag ourselves to tasks we are interested in?

Ratio13: update on server roles, specific working group roles are being removed and specific discussion channels will be removed from server.  Instead there will be a general Catalyst WG role, and Forums feature will be used for discussion.

Simon:  Thank you.  I will ask all what would each of you like to focus on?  Examples, PA/vPA guidelines, proposer guidelines, challenge guidelines.

Ratio13: I would like to add a broad approach to the Catalyst process itself.

Simon:  suggestion is to choose an area to work and then enter the tasks as dework tasks

Flog: is there consensus for dework at this point?  There is already a lot of work in the dework platform, so using it would be more efficient.

Ratio13: suggestion to parse the existing community suggestions in dework

Jeff:  where can I see the 4 "areas" you have described?

Simon:  posted in the shared TODO list

Jeff:  we need coordination between the documentation iteration, and I am interested in helping facilitate that.

Flog: I would like to nominate Jeff for the role he is suggesting [Jeff agrees]

CaptainDang: how are we streamlining the dework task creation?

Dang:  vPA petitions is my area

Tevo: I am interested in the general overview of this process.

Simon: can Tevo be assigned to general outreach?

Tevo: Yes, and I am also working on something long these lines on my own end and would like to address the idea of a two stage PA process

Flog:  I would like to look into more rigorous compliance mechanisms.  Fairness and codification of sanctions.

Simon:  challenge teams/ auditability is how I will describe that

Vitctr:  My skill is problem sensing and refining for the Pa/vPA area

Jeremy:  I'll take a wider coordination type role, helping organize the integration of these efforts.

Simon: first tasks for each of these groups would be to define the area of focus, organize it as subtasks.

Simon:  so we have a good start, and we have many topics to talk about.

Flog: do we need a liaison with IOG?

Jeremy: we should be communicating in such a way as to not directly need a liaison with any group, however we should take care to coordinate wih any stakeholders of relevance, such as funded proposers subcircle and other groups that also work on community guidelines.

Simon: I would recommend that we classify our subtasks as minor/major/longterm changes.

*general agreement with this plan*

Flog: one area I would like to see addressed is the lottery

Dang:  Tomi circulated something that was a total overhaul of Catalyst https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/946921942525571133/1026889409691402260/Voting_12_times_a_year.pdf

Simon: this area of alternative rewards models would be encouraged to come under my area, of experimentation.

Flog: do we have a start date for Fund 10?

Dang:  early november [currently set as Nov 2nd]

Dang: apparently the changes were suggested by Kriss

Simon: we should remember to separate Kriss/IOG and Kriss/personal

Flog:  update on treasury?

Jeremy: here's a quick overview *proceeds to talk forever*

Michael:  I would be interested in PA/vPA guidelines, but also supporting flog in the auditing.  Also it would be good to address governance around the flash assessments.

Flog:  I'm interested in that as well.

Simon: I am working on creating the tasks and will need to go soon.

Michael:  we need to describe an urgent timeline, and we may need more meetings to reach goals.  There is a need for more frequency of taking action and we may be only working with about two weeks to accomplish this.

Dang: we'll communicate this with Simon and get organized.

Dang: I'll stop the recording.
